okay you're on okay what's happened this
is the fourth day with the fermentation
and as you can see over here I don't
know if you can see it or not but the
the carbon dioxide is that's being
produced by the yeast that's pushing the
the the grapes the skins and the seeds
all up so it's preventing the carbon
dioxide from from exiting and it's
preventing oxygen from going back in and
and nourishing the east oak and
multiplying so when I push down on here
you'll you'll see it come closer you'll
see all the all the foam and bubbles
come out of here it's pretty neat it's
like kind of like a waterfall you
actually hear it
you see all that coming up see all those
bubble of carbon dioxide is just coming
out so if you take the took a taste of
this right now it tastes very much like
yeast but it would taste a lot like
carbon dioxide almost like a soda look
at that Wow it's like it's we just stuck
an animal it's bleeding
so this is a something we do two or
three times a day and this lasts for
about anywhere from five to seven ten
could even be up to 15 days and until it
stops the fermentation and then we will
press the the grape skin to get all of
the juice out of it and then we'll put
it in a oak barrel and let it let it sit
for about 30 to 45 days an animal I
would remove any sludge that settles to
the bottom and we'll put it back in the
barrel so it's pretty simple nature
makes the wine I don't add any yeast I
don't have any sugar or any any any
chemicals and the wine just makes itself
that comes up very nice great thank you
very much winemaker Paul's an arrow from
Gennaro vineyards